[15.0][ADD] dms_field_auto_classification: New module (#288)
OCA/dms: dms_field_auto_classification/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Automatically classify files within a .zip file to the corresponding DMS directory(s) related to a record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically classify files within a .zip file to the corresponding directory(s)
related to an embedded DMS.
```
